# yt-subtitle-extension
This Firefox extension allows users to download subtitles of YouTube videos.
</br><br>
The extension utilizes the Python package [yt-subtitle-downloader](https://gogs.lremane.xyz/lremane/yt-subtitle-downloader). To quickly test the functionality, a simple website can be accessed [[here](https://yt-subtitles.lremane.xyz)].


## Features
1. **Download subtitles**:  
\- The extension allows users to download subtitles of YouTube videos over the YouTube-Api.
2. **Translate subtitles**:  
\- The extension can translate subtitles of YouTube videos into English or German. (YouTube-Api)
3. **Add punctuation & capitalization**:  
\- The extension automatically adds punctuation and capitalization to the subtitles in case they are auto-generated by YouTube. This makes the subtitles more readable and easier to understand.
4. **Generate missing subtitles**:  
\- ToDo

## Installation
Download the `yt-subtitles-extension-x.x.xpi` file from the **Releases** section. Once the file is downloaded, the next step is to import the extension into Firefox. Here's how to import the extension into Firefox:

1. Open Firefox and click on the menu button (three horizontal lines) located in the upper-right corner of the browser window.
2. From the menu that appears, select `Add-ons and themes`.
3. Select the `Extensions` tab on the very right. 
4. Click on the gear icon (⚙️) located in the upper-right corner of the page and select `Install Add-on From File`.
5. Once installed, the extension will appear in the "Add-ons" section of Firefox and can be used by clicking on its icon in the browser toolbar.
